आईटी छेत्र के जानल मानल कंपनी इनफ़ोसिस अपन पहिला सॉफ्टवेर देवेलोप्मेंट
सेंटर बिहार में पटना से लगभग 30 km के दुरी पर बिहटा के आस पास खोले वाला
हे .इ इलाका रोड और रेलवे स्टेशन से जुडल हे इ लेल इ एगो बहुत विकाशशील
छेत्र के रूप में उभर के सामने आयेल हे .एक अधिकारी के मुताबिक बिहार
सरकारइ सुभ कार्य लागी जमीन देवे के योजना बनावैत हे .अधिकारी महोदय के
अनुसार इ अभी आरंभिक दौर में हे लेकिन मार्च या अप्रैल के अंत तक एकरा पर
बिचार कर लेवल जायेत .राज्य सरकार के IIT कैम्पस भी बिहटा के आस पास खोले
के फैसला के बाद इनफ़ोसिस अपन पहिला देवेलोप्मेंट सेंटर बिहटा के आस पास
खोले के फैसलाकैलक हे लेकिन अभी इनफ़ोसिस इ बात के स्पस्ट न कैलक हे की
केतना धन निवेस बिहार में करत ई सुभ काम लागी .
=============================================================The well
known company of IT sector Infosys is about to set up it'sfirst
development centre in Bihar near Bihta which is approximately 30 km from
Patna.This area has emmerged a developing area recently after a decision
of state government to set up an IIT campus near Bihta.this area is well
connected with railway station and roads.for this good cause Bihar
government is planning to provide land to set up the first software
development centre in Bihar in this area. According to the officials
it's in the starting phase right now but hopefully it will be decided by
the end of the march or april.But till now infosys has not clarified
that how much amount company will invest in Bihar for this good cause.