जब ले आदमी अपन चाह और भाव दूसरा के सामने न बतावत ...तबतक दुसरा आदमी ओकरा
कैसे मदत कर सक हे ..हाँ ई एगो अलग बात हे, की जे सुनेवाला आदमी हे उ मदत
कएल चाह हे की न ...लेकिन एक बार उ आदमी अगर बात समझ जायेत तब कुछ न कुछ तो
पर्तिक्रिया व्यक्त करबे करत ...जब हमनि बच्चा हली तब हमनी अपन मन के इक्छा
और भाव अपन परिवार के लोग के साथ उनकरे भासा में व्यक्त कर हली ....काहे की
परिवारे आदमी के पहिला पाठशाला होवs हे ...हाँ इ एगो अलग बात हे की हमनी
में से कुछ लोग अपन बच्चा के सुरुए से हॉस्टल में पढावे ला रख देव हथs
...जेकरा से उ बच्चा सुरुए से अंग्रेजी चाहे कोई और भासा अच्छा से बोले में
सफल हो जा हे ....लेकिन फिरभी उ अपन परिवार के भासा सीखे के कोशिश जरूर कर
हे ....(Untill and unless one person will not be able to express his/her
feelings to any other person ...Other person will not be able to help
him/her. It is a different matter the person who is listening he/her
wants to help the person or not..But once he has understood the
expression of words of anyone he/she will react either in positive way
or in negative way... When we were child then we were expressing our
desire and feelings to the family member and to the others in our
language which was spoken by our parents. Because family is the first
school for a child.Yes it is a different matter that some of us have
started puting their child to the lodge ..so when he/she comes out from
the school he/she learns some other languages like English or any other
language frequently ....But still he/she try to learn his/her family
language which is being spoken by his/her parents.)