भारत वर्स में अनेक राज्य और अनेक भाषा भासी लोग रह हथs ...हर राज्य में
इहाँ तक की हर छेत्र में वहां के लोग के, एगो अपन छेत्रिये बोली हो हे
....लेकिन ऊ बोली वोही छेत्र तक सिमित न रह जाहे ....अब ई निर्भर कर हे की
उ बोली के प्रचार प्रसार कौन अस्तर तक हो पाव हे ....उदाहरण के तौर पर
भोजपुरीये भासा के लs तs पयबs की वैसे तो इ भाषा में पहले से ही अनेक फिल्म
के निर्माण हो चूकल हे ..अऊ बहुत से लोग के ई भासा आवs हे ...लेकिन आजकल
एकर प्रचार प्रशार काफी होईत हे ..... और ऐसही भारत में अनेक प्रकार की
छेत्रिये बोलियाँ बोलल जाहे, और ओकर प्रचार प्रसार भी बहुत अच्छा से होईत
हे ....परन्तु मगही भाषा के प्रचार प्रसार तनी कम गति से हो रहल हे ...ई
लेल एकरा ला प्रयास के जरुरत हे .....) आशा हे की ई काम में हमर ई ब्लॉग
कुछ हद तक जरूर मदतगार सिद्ध होवत .....बाकी अपने लोग के सहयोग के जरूरत हे
.........===============================================================
In India there are a number of states and districts. We have a number of
languages which we speak ..Even in every state there is a common
language but in every reason it has its dialects ...so as a conclusion
if we see then we will find that any language does not stay just to that
particular place. But it spreads where ever the person who speaks it. As
an Example if we think that Bhojpuri which is one of the regional
language But now a days this language has got this much popularity
....that there are a number of Hit pictures we have since long time. and
we are proud of it.. and now a days it is spreading through out the
world rapidly ...But We have a language named Magahi ...this language is
not spreading as compare to Bhojpuri language .. So we need to think
over it for the development of this language......I hope this blog will
definately help this language for the development ... I need your
cooperation for the same.